Change. It happens all the time in life.
How we adapt to change isn't always easy.
As a family, we've always tried to put Jehovah in his will first.
And now it's time for change again.
Let me explain. Family worship has always been an important part of our spiritual routine.
Studying with our children came naturally.
It just flowed and we enjoyed it.
But when the last of our children moved out, we just hit a wall.
I was finding it awkward to study with my wife alone.
Our family worshipers becoming nothing more than a stale question and answer session.
And gradually, it got worse.
Until finally, we stocked all together.
Sometimes with change, we just need a wake-up call.
I had almost forgotten how deep a student of the Bible she is.
How could I make our family worship more enjoyable for her, for myself, for both of us?
I had to do something.
The faithful slave has always encouraged husbands to study with their wives.
I meditated on 1 Peter the 3rd chapter, verse 7, where it says,
You husbands continue dwelling with them according to knowledge.
Assign them honor.
I reflected on the example of Abraham and Sarah.
At one point, Abraham had to adjust and pay attention to his wife's feelings.
In fact, Jehovah said, listen to her.
Was I listening?
Like Abraham and Sarah, it was time for us to have a heart to heart.
I let her know that her feelings really mattered to me and that with a little creativity
and finding material that would interest both of us.
Our studies could be more enjoyable.
We decided to make a new start.
Family worship is taken on a fresh and exciting new role in our marriage.
In fact, it is the highlight of our week by adding variety to our studies.
They are now more rich, meaningful and engaging.
Yes, change can bring about new challenges, but it also creates new opportunities.
Together, we are drawing closer to each other and to Jehovah.